When our little daughter, Belén, was nearly three years old, the doctors discovered that
she had a brain tumor.
When her physical condition worsened, as a father, I had to make decisions of what kind
of treatment she would receive to best take care of her.
And that completely terrified me.
It was like having a lie in front of me, and I felt desperate for a moment.
I remember that, inside, I shouted to Jehovah to help me.
Through that situation, I learned how to pray to Jehovah.
And Jehovah never left me, Jehovah guided me, Jehovah helped me make good decisions.
Only through prayer did I understand that what we were facing was too much for us to handle
alone.
We needed Jehovah more than ever.
As a family, we focused on our spiritual routine.
The key to not being afraid of these problems is to trust in the resurrection hope.
My wife and I were determined to educate our girls with love, also in a way that they
would truly get to know Jehovah as they grew up.
It was evident that we were leaning on Jehovah, and they did the same.
Belen, when she was going through difficult circumstances, she would say to me, don't
worry, mom, I prayed to Jehovah already.
It made me see that, okay, my daughter has seen Jehovah so real.
There were many moments where she strengthened me.
And even though it's true that Belen fell asleep in death, for me, she came out victorious
because I know she's going to open her eyes in the new world, and the four of us will
be together again.